Update event types and InteractionStatus to be more concise (#8009)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-react/docs/migration-guide-v4.md

# Migrating from MSAL React v3 to v4

## Dropped support for old React versions
MSAL React v4 supports React 19 or greater. It no longer supports React 16, 17, or 18.

## Correct logout bug

> MSAL React v4 has fixed a bug and now prevents a page from continuing to display authenticated content for a user after logout. 

Reviewer: This is not really a breaking change that needs to be called out here, I'd suggest removing it but if you want to keep it here let's try to be a bit more specific.

```suggestion
MSAL React v4 has fixed a bug affecting the `useMsalAuthentication` hook and `MsalAuthenticationTemplate`. Logging out now clears all state associated with the user.
```
